Hi I'm Louis.
Welcome to the linear regression section of this Nanodegree.
The two main families of algorithms and
predictive machine learning are classification and regression.
Classification answers questions of the form yes-no.
For example, is this email spam or not,
or is the patient sick or not.
Regression answers questions of the form how much.
For example, how much does this house cost?
Or how many seconds do expect someone to watch this video?
In this lesson we'll learn how to answer this last type of questions.
First, we will learn linear regression,
then some ways to improve it,
and finally some ways to generalize it to non-linear cases.
Are you ready? Let's go!